Welcome everyone to today's Q4 planning meeting.
Let's start with a review of our budget proposal.
As you can see in the slides, we're looking at a 15% increase over Q3.
This increase is primarily driven by our expansion into the European market.
Sarah, can you walk us through the marketing budget breakdown?
Sure. We're allocating 40% to digital advertising, 30% to content creation.
The remaining 30% will cover events and partnerships.
That looks comprehensive. Any questions before we move forward?
I have a question about the timeline for the European launch.
We're targeting January 15th for the soft launch, with full launch in February.
So we're approving the $2M budget for Q4, correct?
Yes, that's approved. Sarah will send the details.
Great. Let's move on to the product roadmap discussion.
Mike, can you give us an update on the mobile app development?
Absolutely. We're in the final stages of beta testing for iOS.
Android version is about 2 weeks behind, but still on track for Q4.
We've received great feedback from our beta users so far.
The main request has been for offline mode, which we're adding in version 1.1.
Excellent progress. What's the expected launch date?
We're targeting November 1st for iOS, November 15th for Android.
Perfect. That aligns well with our marketing campaign.
Next, I want to discuss the hiring plan for Q4.
We need to bring on 3 senior engineers and 2 product designers.
HR is currently screening candidates, and we have some promising leads.
Lisa, what's the timeline for the first interviews?
We'll start first round interviews next week, aiming for offers by end of month.
The goal is to have everyone onboarded by mid-November.
Sounds good. Make sure we're competitive with the offers.
Absolutely. We're benchmarking against industry standards plus 10%.
Okay, let's wrap up with action items.
Sarah: Send detailed budget breakdown by end of day.
Mike: Share beta testing metrics in our Slack channel.
Lisa: Schedule first round interviews and send calendar invites.
Everyone: Review the Q4 OKRs document I'll share tomorrow.
Thanks everyone. Great meeting. See you next week!